Documentation refactoring (#814)
vllm-project/guidellm: docs/guides/datasets.md

# Datasets

GuideLLM supports various dataset configurations to enable benchmarking and evaluation of large language models (LLMs). This document provides a comprehensive guide to configuring datasets for different use cases, along with detailed examples and rationale for choosing specific pathways.

## Data Arguments Overview

> Dataset and processing options use the **single-parameter** CLI pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dataset and processing options use the `kind` CLI pattern:
```

## Data Arguments Overview

> Dataset and processing options use "kind" pattern to select a registered implementation and configure parameters:

Reviewer: Forgot the word "the" before "kind".

- Ensure the file format matches the expected structure for the dataset and is listed as a supported format.
- The `--data-column-mapper` argument can be used to specify additional parameters for parsing the dataset, such as the prompt column name or the split to use.

> - A tokenizer is only required if `GUIDELLM__PREFERRED_PROMPT_TOKENS_SOURCE="local"` or `GUIDELLM__PREFERRED_OUTPUT_TOKENS_SOURCE="local"` is set in the environment. In this case, the tokenizer must be specified using `--tokenizer huggingface_auto "model=..."`. If not set, the tokenizer will be set to the model passed in or retrieved from the server.

Author: Do either of these environment variables exist? I can't see any reference to the word roots or to the "local" value??

Reviewer 2: No... they used to and there still is a way to do this but probably best to just delete this bullet for now.

```bash
guidellm preprocess dataset \
    kind=<DATA_TYPE>,key=value,... \
    <OUTPUT_PATH> \
    --processor <PROCESSOR> \
    --config <CONFIG>
```

### Required Arguments

| Argument      | Description                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `DATA`        | Identify the dataset to process. Supports all dataset formats documented in the [Dataset Configurations](../datasets.md).                     |

Reviewer: I think "specify" might be a better word, but it doesn't matter and I won't block on this.

| Option                            | Description                                                                                                                             |
| --------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--data-args <JSON>`              | JSON string of arguments to pass to dataset loading. See [Data Arguments Overview](#data-arguments-overview) for details.               |

Author: loader kwargs?? And the "data arguments overview" doesn't seem to exist, and doesn't seem to have gone away here.

Reviewer 2: same thing as `--data '{"load_kwargs": ...}`. Idk what "Data Arguments Overview" was. I usually just link to [`datasets.load_dataset`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/v4.5.0/en/package_reference/loading_methods#datasets.load_dataset), there are examples in the multimodal guides.
